WIP Cloud Costs + Free Trial pages, Standard > Plan Your Cluster rewrite (#18883)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/quickstart-trial-cluster.md

1. For **Regions & nodes**, select `California (us-west)` region and 3 nodes.

    {{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

>     You can also select 3 regions with 3 nodes per region if you want to create a [multi-region]({% link cockroachcloud/plan-your-cluster-basic.md %}#multi-region-clusters) trial cluster.

Reviewer: In line 19, you ask them to create an Advanced cluster, but this links to the Basic planning page.

>     You can also select 3 regions with 3 nodes per region if you want to create a [multi-region]({% link cockroachcloud/plan-your-cluster-advanced.md %}#multi-region-clusters) trial cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To create a [multi-region]({% link cockroachcloud/plan-your-cluster-advanced.md %}#multi-region-clusters) trial cluster, you can 3 regions with 3 nodes per region, 9 nodes in total.
```

Author: @mdlinville Grammar issue - can you fix?

Reviewer: Done. will apply.
